EDVR: Video Restoration with Enhanced Deformable Convolutional Networks
--------
<br>Xintao Wang(CUHK - SenseTime Joint Lab, The Chinese University of Hong Kong) <br>Kelvin C.K. Chan(Nanyang Technological University, Singapore)<br>Ke Yu(CUHK) ,br>Chao Dong(SIAT-SenseTime Joint Lab, Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences) Chen Change Loy
<br>CVPR Workshop 2019
<br>`Abstract`:
Video restoration tasks, including super-resolution, de-blurring, etc, are drawing increasing attention in the com-puter vision community. A challenging benchmark named REDS is released in the NTIRE19 Challenge. This new benchmark challenges existing methods from two aspects:(1)	how to align multiple frames given large motions, and (2)	how to effectively fuse different frames with diverse mo-tion and blur. In this work, we propose a novel Video Restoration framework with Enhanced Deformable convo-lutions, termed EDVR, to address these challenges. First, to handle large motions, we devise a Pyramid, Cascading and Deformable (PCD) alignment module, in which frame alignment is done at the feature level using deformable con-volutions in a coarse-to-fine manner. Second, we propose a Temporal and Spatial Attention (TSA) fusion module, in which attention is applied both temporally and spatially, so as to emphasize important features for subsequent restora-tion. Thanks to these modules, our EDVR wins the cham-pions and outperforms the second place by a large margin in all four tracks in the NTIRE19 video restoration and en-hancement challenges. EDVR also demonstrates superior performance to state-of-the-art published methods on video super-resolution and deblurring. The code is available at https://github.com/xinntao/EDVR.
